DOC-1328 - RS CLI Utilities Reorg: rladmin restart page (#1902)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/references/cli-utilities/rladmin/restart.md

---
Title: rladmin restart
linkTitle: restart

> description: Restarts the Redis Enterprise Software instance for a specific database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Restarts Redis Enterprise Software processes for a specific database.
```

weight: $weight
alwaysopen: false
toc: "true"
headerRange: "[1-2]"
categories: ["RS"]
aliases:
---

> `rladmin restart` restarts the Redis Enterprise Software instance for a specific database by scheduling a restart of the primary and replica processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`rladmin restart` schedules a restart of the Redis Enterprise Software processes on primary and replica instances of a specific database.
```

``` sh

> rladmin restart db { db:id | name }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rladmin restart db { db:<id> | <name> }
```

        [preserve_roles]
        [discard_data]
        [force_discard]
```

### Parameters

| Parameter      | Type/Value                     | Description                                                           |
|----------------|--------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | db             | db:\<id\><br /> name           | Restarts the Redis Software for the specified database                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| db             | db:\<id\><br /> name           | Restarts Redis Enterprise Software processes for the specified database                |
```

| discard_data   |                                | Allows discarding data if there is no persistence or replication      |
| force_discard  |                                | Forcibly discards data even if there is persistence or replication    |
| preserve_roles |                                | Performs an additional failover to maintain shard roles               |

### Returns

> Returns `Done` if the restart completed successfully, `ERROR` otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns `Done` if the restart completed successfully. Otherwise, it returns `ERROR`.
```

---
Title: rladmin restart
linkTitle: restart

> description: Restarts the Redis software instance for a specific database.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: Restarts the Redis Enterprise Software instance for a specific database.
```

weight: $weight
alwaysopen: false
toc: "true"
headerRange: "[1-2]"
categories: ["RS"]
aliases:
---

> `rladmin restart` restarts the Redis software in use by a specific database

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`rladmin restart` restarts the Redis Enterprise Software instance for a specific database by scheduling a restart of the primary and replica processes.
```

instance by scheduling a restart of the primary and replica processes.

``` sh
rladmin restart db { db:id | name }
        [preserve_roles]
        [discard_data]
        [force_discard]
```

### Parameters

| Parameter      | Type/Value                     | Description                                                           |
|----------------|--------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| db             | db:\<id\><br /> name           | Restarts the Redis Software for the specified database                |
| discard_data   |                                | Allows discarding data if there is no persistence or replication      |
| force_discard  |                                | Forcibly discards data even if there is persistence or replication    |
| preserve_roles |                                | Performs an additional failover to maintain shard roles               |

### Returns

> `Done` if the restart completed successfully, `ERROR` otherwise.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Returns `Done` if the restart completed successfully, `ERROR` otherwise.
```
